Improve documentation on backports and setting up repo (#8458)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: CONTRIBUTING.md

We use GitHub pull requests for this purpose.
Consult [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more information on using pull requests.

#### Backporting to Release Branches

When bug fixes or critical changes need to be applied to release branches (e.g., `release/5.1.x`), follow these best practices for backporting:

> **Best Practices:**

Reviewer: We should explicitly state that changes should go into master first than into the release branches, if they are required for future releases. We should avoid backporting from release to master as best we can

- **PR Naming Convention**: Always wrap the target branch name in square brackets in your PR title
  - Example: `[release/5.1.x] Fix critical bug in geometry calculations`
- **Use @Mergifyio**: For backporting PRs from `master` to release branches, we recommend using @Mergifyio to automate the process

>   - Comment `@Mergifyio backport release/5.1.x` on the original PR to create an automatic backport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Comment `@Mergifyio backport release/X.X.x` on the original PR to create an automatic backport. Use the release branch you want to target
```
